After a quick introduction on the Internet of Things, the IoT camp will focus on the two key areas in IoT where Microsoft plays a role: IoT services in Azure and Windows 10 IoT. From the services side we’ll explore the typical IoT architecture and use Azure services such as Event Hubs and Stream Analytics. Then we’ll move to the IoT devices and get an overview of the popular development boards like Arduino, Netduino, Raspberry Pi … Besides using the traditional operating systems and development languages (Linux, C, Python …) for these boards, we’ll also explore the benefits that Windows 10 IoT can bring. 
After lunch there will be a mini-hackathon where you’ll be able to use plenty of devices and sensors which we’ll provide, to build your IoT solution. Creativity is encouraged, but there is also a completely documented lab you can follow to get started. Participants are also encouraged to bring their own devices to hack, and learn to connect to Azure.
At the end of the session, participants will have a good end-to-end understanding of a typical IoT solution.
This event is free of charge and includes refreshments and lunch.
Jan Tielens is your host of the day!
After several years as a Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) for SharePoint Server, Jan joined Microsoft as a Technology Advisor in the collaboration and social space. Now he’s working at Microsoft as a Technical Evangelist focusing on everything related to apps for Windows 8, Windows Phone and Azure. He loves geeky stuff, IoT, development, photography & design. Jan is located in Belgium, you can follow him on Twitter at http://t
